This week after consulting with Frank and discussing with the team, I plan to achieve the following:

(i) Wireframe the application if put into production. This wireframe would ideally incorperate the Tableau dashboard and at the same time provide recommendations obtained from model results separately, so that users can look at the recommended items from the recommendation model but only pick those they decide to take in the dashboard to see trajectory. I will investigate into how to conduct the wireframe creation process, either by drawing or using some UI/UX design app such as Adobe XD or Figma or Sketch.  

(ii) With regard to modeling, we decided to go with neighborhood method that has achieved the highest prediction accuracy. I plan to wrap up the matrix factorization models including SVD and LightFM which have consistently low performance inrespective of different kinds of processing. In order to do that, I will first try the same pre-processing (excluding least popular class taken fewer by N students to limit search space) and report the results with recommended items equaling 15 and 30. This pre-processing has significantly improved neighborhood method. For comparison reasons it would be great to exhibit the results from the two matrix factorization methods. Here the value N might need to be changed according each term and each major since there are fluctuations of course enrollment for every semester and major. Deciding what N, i.e. the threshold to limit search space is also of great importance.

It is also worth investigating into the results why these two performs consistently low. If have time, I will try creating a metric incorperating grades to see whether the matrix factorization models are looking at other directions than course prediction accuracy. But since it is not tightly related to our final deliverable, I will mark it as low priority.

Note: The goals above are ambitious and are listed accoridng to priorities. As a team we will put most effort on giving out good data visualization deliverables. Therefore I plan to devote most time on wireframing a prototype before next week's client meeting. It may not be an actual web page but would be a good start to envision what the final output would be if put into actual production. For goal (i), I plan to start working on it from Wed. At the same time for goal (ii), I will investigate into what might be a good way to determine the threshold to exclude courses limiting the search space. I hope to get the results for the two matrix factorizations models out by next Monday.

At last, I plan to start writing on the final report bit by bit. This week I want to get a general structure out and add the contents we have from previous semester which shouldn't take too long. Last semester the contents from the paper outline focuses on exploring different models which might need to be truncated more to be consice and to the point for the final deliverable.

[Becky,  great job! You set tangible goals and I see a direct way leading to your general idea]
