## We have two ultimate goals for this project: 1) Improve prediction accuracy, 2) find academic trajectories. 

### 1-1. Neural Collaborative Filtering(NCF): 
For the goal 1)'improve prediction accuracy', even though we have improved our model using neighboring method (a part of collaborative filtering), it has several limitations and we have not explored a neural network method yet. This method considers both matrix factorization and neighboring method by increasing the dimensionality of the latent space to allow for more expressiveness and more complex relationships. Specifically, The model uses Multilayer perceptron network (MLP) and Matrix factorization network (GMF). The two networks are then concatenated together and we add a single output neuron to our now merged model with a binary cross-entropy loss and Adam optimizer. Hopefully, this would be able to overcome the limitations from both previous models (SVD and neighborhood method) if it works. I would like to get the ball rolling on it given two weeks. My goal for two weeks is to build a toy example followed by NCF papers and apply it to our dataset (Econ subset in 2013-2020) 

### 1-2. Fine-tune the current neighborhood method and apply this model to the top5 major dataset:
For the goal 1)'improve prediction accuracy', the neighborhood method performed 47.6% at average when I removed courses taken by fewer than 100 students. I will tune this parameter (N students) by checking how many unique classes will be left and considering enrolled students per year. My goal is to have accuracy more than 50% at average. If it is satified, I will apply this model to top5 major dataset if it can be generalized to bigger dataset. This will be done within a week. After seeing how it works, if it is not generalized well, for the next week, I am planning to group by similar majors such as Trinity college, Engineering and Bio-science etc and see if they are generalized with the model.

### 2. Dynamic Network Plot: 
For the goal 2) 'find academic trajectories', I found one undergraduate student (Niko Hobart) who did dynamic network plot regarding course pre-requisites. I will reach out to him and have his advice on drawing the dynamic network plot and insight on how to connect other attributes such as skills or grade in the plot. Even if he does not reply back, I will work on how to draw the dynamic network plot and include other attributes in it. I will try this given two weeks and if this does not work, I will work on dynamic alluvial or sankey plot. This will help us to develop user-friendly visualization for class recommender.

### Extra. Design Wireframing
In order to deliver an effective final product, the stakeholder and our team is planning to build a website or app to embed our two goals. Our team is going to meet an web-enginner for the next meeting, so that we are going to design a sample website as wireframing and discuss it in the meeting. Afterwards, we will confirm and implement it by adding our dashboard and model. We will use prototyping tools(Adobe XD or Figma) and include user-friendly features that help studnets choose their classes given their prior classes or their preferences. This work will combine our two goals into one and also will enable A/B testing for our finalized models.

[Ilona: great job, Sangseok. You mentioned goals that achievable and have a tangible outcome. I specifically like that you separated goals for main and "extra" goals.  Good luck!]
