This week I plan to continue working with wide and deep model. In order to do that, there are a couple of things I need to do:

(i) Preprocess the dataset to the format it can be taken. For wide and deep model, it is essential what features are fed in as wide features, and which are assigned for DNN part. 
(ii) I will try apply the same set of training/test split as done in the SVD model. The split include first selecting 80% of the students as the training students and 20% as testing students. [Ilona: how usually the data sets are split in wide and deep models, are there any recommendation or justification for using one or another approach? or it is empirically determined for each dataset?]. Then all four years information from the training student and first two years information are treated as testing students, the evalute on the results for the last two years of predicted courses for the tesing students. This might be tricky to achieve as the model has a different set of input requirement for prediciton which I need to understand more on the model architecture. [Ilona: does the model account that your data points are not independent, such as some courses could be taken only after completing certain other courses? What are your expected outcomes of the week (e.g. example make the model running for all four years without errors? or for a specific subset? How are you going to improve your understanding of the model architecture, what steps are you planning to take?)]
(iv) I will apply the same type of evaluation metrics which is accuracy of course prediction coverage. In order to do that, I need to get correct formatted predictions out and then functionalize our customized accuracy metric. [Ilona: good, the goals seems a bit ambitious for a week, is there a way to split (ii) on the some substeps?].
