One goal is to connect GitLab with Dataiku DSS so that we can have access to our data rather than having to upload updated files whenever they change. We are running into a few technical issues but will continue to work through this with Dataiku. [Ilona: what are the steps that you need to do to reach this goal? Is it possible from the perspective of data security? Could you accomplish it in one week or there are multiple steps to take before it would be possible?] A second goal is to ensemble models to improve prediction accuracy. This will need a significant amount of research in addition to implementation to even determine if it [ensemble of models?] helps prediction accuracy. This week, I aim to start researching ensemble methods for recommendation engines. [Ilona: how? videos? literature? what is your plan for learning? Going without a plan might be inefficient and time-consuming. Example of a learning plan: identify 2 high-quality articles with the successful implementation of 2 different versions of ensemble models. Compare methods and choose the one that fits the data the best. Read/watch xxxx.  Plan the implementation. Implement the method. Keep in mind the learning objectives could take more than one week]. Lastly, I am interested in applying some techniques from my social network analysis to this class, such as dynamic network visualization which shows changes in interactions amongst nodes (studnents) over time. [Ilona: I encourage you to revisit your overarching goal for these activities. Will your goal 3 be a search for a new possible outcome or an attempt to improve the accuracy of an existing model?]
