My main goal this week is to implement an alluvial plot, which tracks the flow of students over time (from semester 1 to semester 2 to semester 3, etc.). An example is provided in the link below. The plot would track the number of students (width of band) from semester to semester for the top 10 most popular courses for that semester. Only the top 10 would be shown because there are hundreds of classes even within one major. This would coincide with the project goal of tracking academic pathway and is somewhat similar to Ryan's idea of finding the "average" econ student. Initially, this alluvial plot will be just for the econ subset, but could likely be applied to other subsets in the future. To build this plot, I am following [this site](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ggalluvial/vignettes/ggalluvial.html) which uses the `ggaluvial` package in R. I hope to finish this by Wednesday so that we can meet with our professor again for additional feedback. 

The second main goal is to work on our presentation for next week's capstone class. This requires updating a slide deck with new models that we had not previously presented on. I would be in charge of the SVD portion of the modeling part of the presentation. As a team, we will work to create a cohesive slide deck summarizing our results thus far and our goals for this semester. This needs to be done by Thursday so that we have time to rehearse before the presentation. 

[Ilona: good, all make sense and reasonable goals for this week!]
