This week I need to (i) align semester goals between the team and stakeholders, (ii) determine exactly what the stakeholders expect from the end of the semester [Ilona: this goal is a repetition of the goal i], and (iii) work on refining the SVD model [Ilona: I recommend to be even more specific: "refine SVD model until it reaches X% accuracy level, then generalize it to (name of the specific subset)"] and generalizing to more subsets. Parts i and ii will be a team effort, as we want to ensure that we get the entire project team back on the same page. Part iii requires work individually with feedback from peers later on. 

Goals i and ii will be accomplished after the first meeting this week (1/26) where we aim to refresh the project goals and ideas. It may also be helpful to start combining information into one website [Ilona: you introducing a new goal, are you planning to start working on it? if yes, what part of it? what is the time frame? I recommend starting with planning the website and get the agreement of the client on your plan before implementing] as mentioned in the first semester. This could help with goals i and ii in addition to making it easier for others to understand. 

Goal iii will require at least 1 week depending on other features to add (business rules, number of subsets, etc.). I really want to compare performance over different sets of students because this impacts our generalization performance [Ilona: be careful here, you just switched the goal from refining to comparing. How many sets are you planning to generalize to during this week? How many sets, in general, do you need to check generalizability before you stop comparing, is there an established (published) stopping rule]. Doing so using the Dataiku platform may be easier but will take an additional week to become more familiar with how DSS works. 